src/pages/index.md, before:

---
templateKey: 'home-page'
title: Jacquie George
subtitle: Piano Teacher
meta_title: Home | Jacqueline Piano
meta_description: >-
  Cum sociis natoque penatibus et magnis dis parturient montes, nascetur
  ridiculus mus. Aenean eu leo quam. Pellentesque ornare sem lacinia quam
  venenatis vestibulum. Sed posuere consectetur est at lobortis. Cras mattis
  consectetur purus sit amet fermentum.
heading: Welcome!
description: >-
  Hi! I’m Jacquie. A 23-year-old full time music teacher, singer/songwriter, worship leader and Christ-follower. I teach in the Kitchener-Waterloo region where my husband and I have settled down. I primarily teach all levels of piano, but also offer beginner guitar lessons.
offerings:
  blurbs:
    - image: /img/coffee.png
      icon: fa-book
      text: >
        Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Nunc finibus 
        sem a sem ultrices, eget sagittis magna tempor. Quisque pulvinar lorem 
        molestie sapien ornare cursus. Proin at 
        sagittis ex. Duis quis dui magna. Nullam urna purus, blandit vitae tincidunt ut, 
        scelerisque eu sem.
    - image: /img/coffee-gear.png
      icon: fa-graduation-cap
      text: >
        Fusce semper turpis sed tortor consectetur condimentum. Nulla facilisi. Nam 
        ipsum nulla, dapibus eu mi non, commodo commodo sapien. Pellentesque luctus 
        neque id mauris accumsan, nec imperdiet justo eleifend. Nulla viverra, ipsum 
        sit amet interdum pharetra, felis lorem sollicitudin felis.
    - image: /img/coffee-gear.png
      icon: fa-trophy
      text: >
        Donec nulla nisi, dictum quis nibh et, euismod 
        semper eros. Praesent nunc tortor, consequat eu justo ac, dictum viverra enim. 
        Etiam sed dui dapibus mauris congue facilisis. Nulla convallis, lectus vel 
        vehicula interdum, turpis nunc aliquet sem, ac iaculis ligula mauris id tortor.
schedule: >
  I teach in my home as well as out of student’s homes. I live in the midtown area of KW, just north of Downtown Kitchener. 
  Here is my availability for the upcoming year September 2018 - June 2019. Check to see when I will be in your area of town if you’d like me to teach out of your home. “In home” are the times I will be teaching in my home.
testimonials:
  - author: Vaibhav Sharma
    quote: >-
      “Jacquie is very personable and quickly puts people at ease, making  the transition to a new piano teacher a breeze for our daughter. We love that she teaches so many different styles of music, encouraging progression while respecting our daughter’s abilities and pace of learning. She’s great!”
  - author: Subarashi San
    quote: >-
      Fusce porttitor vulputate enim, nec blandit magna gravida et. Etiam et dignissim ligula. 
      Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit.
---

Commit message:

home page content from cms

src/pages/index.md, after:

---
templateKey: 'home-page'
title: Jacquie George
subtitle: Piano Teacher
meta_title: Home | Jacqueline Piano
meta_description: >-
  Cum sociis natoque penatibus et magnis dis parturient montes, nascetur
  ridiculus mus. Aenean eu leo quam. Pellentesque ornare sem lacinia quam
  venenatis vestibulum. Sed posuere consectetur est at lobortis. Cras mattis
  consectetur purus sit amet fermentum.
heading: Welcome!
description: >-
  Hi! I’m Jacquie. A 23-year-old full time music teacher, singer/songwriter, worship leader and Christ-follower. I teach in the Kitchener-Waterloo region where my husband and I have settled down. I primarily teach all levels of piano, but also offer beginner guitar lessons.
offerings:
  blurbs:
    - image: /img/coffee.png
      icon: fa-book
      text: >
        Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Nunc finibus 
        sem a sem ultrices, eget sagittis magna tempor. Quisque pulvinar lorem 
        molestie sapien ornare cursus. Proin at 
        sagittis ex. Duis quis dui magna. Nullam urna purus, blandit vitae tincidunt ut, 
        scelerisque eu sem.
    - image: /img/coffee-gear.png
      icon: fa-graduation-cap
      text: >
        Fusce semper turpis sed tortor consectetur condimentum. Nulla facilisi. Nam 
        ipsum nulla, dapibus eu mi non, commodo commodo sapien. Pellentesque luctus 
        neque id mauris accumsan, nec imperdiet justo eleifend. Nulla viverra, ipsum 
        sit amet interdum pharetra, felis lorem sollicitudin felis.
    - image: /img/meeting-space.png
      icon: fa-trophy
      text: >
        Donec nulla nisi, dictum quis nibh et, euismod 
        semper eros. Praesent nunc tortor, consequat eu justo ac, dictum viverra enim. 
        Etiam sed dui dapibus mauris congue facilisis. Nulla convallis, lectus vel 
        vehicula interdum, turpis nunc aliquet sem, ac iaculis ligula mauris id tortor.
schedule:
  title: Schedule
  text: >
    I teach in my home as well as out of student’s homes. I live in the midtown area of KW, just north of Downtown Kitchener.
    Here is my availability for the upcoming year September 2018 - June 2019. Check to see when I will be in your area of town if you’d like me to teach out of your home. “In home” are the times I will be teaching in my home.
pricing:
  text: >-
    <p class="has-text-weight-bold is-size-5">
      Half hour lesson: $17
    </p>
    <p>
      Travel fee (when teaching in student’s home): $5
      <br />
      <small class="is-size-7">
        <i>*Travel fee is per trip not per student*</i>
      </small>
    </p>
    <p>Payment accepted by cash, cheque, or e-transfer.</p>
  cancellation: >
    Every three months, students are allowed one lesson
    cancellation. Beyond this, the full amount of the lesson will
    be charged. If you would like to reschedule your lesson,
    please contact me in advance -- preferably the week before, or
    minimum two days in advance. Vacation time is excluded from
    this policy, as long as notice of vacation is received minimum
    two weeks in advance. Lessons on holiday Mondays or Fridays
    are also excluded from this and negotiable for each situation.
testimonials:
  - author: Vaibhav Sharma
    quote: >-
      “Jacquie is very personable and quickly puts people at ease, making  the transition to a new piano teacher a breeze for our daughter. We love that she teaches so many different styles of music, encouraging progression while respecting our daughter’s abilities and pace of learning. She’s great!”
  - author: Subarashi San
    quote: >-
      Fusce porttitor vulputate enim, nec blandit magna gravida et. Etiam et dignissim ligula. 
      Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit.
---
